ANNOUNCE
********

This is version 0.2.0 of the GNUstep GUI library (`gnustep-gui').

What is the GNUstep GUI Library?
================================

   It is a library of graphical user interface classes written
completely in the Objective-C language; the classes are based upon the
OpenStep specification as release by NeXT Software, Inc.  The library
does not completely conform to the specification and has been enhanced
in a number of ways to take advantage of the GNU system.  These classes
include graphical objects such as buttons, text fields, popup lists,
browser lists, and windows; there are also many associated classes for
handling events, colors, fonts, pasteboards and images.

   The GNUstep GUI Library is designed in two parts.  The first part is
the front-end component which is independent of platform and display
system.  This front-end is combined with a back-end component which
handles all of the display system dependent such as specific calls to
X/Windows.  This design allows the GNUstep applications to have the
"look and feel" of the underlying display system without any changes to
the application, and the library can be easily ported to other display
systems.

   The GNUstep GUI Library requires the GNU Objective-C compiler, the
GNUstep Base Library, the TIFF Graphics library, and a back-end
component like the GNUstep X/DPS GUI Backend.

What's new in this release?
===========================

   The currently released version of the library is `0.2.0'.

Noteworthy changes in version `0.2.0'
=====================================

   * Additional NSImage and NSImageRep class work.  Incorporated common
     images for use with controls that were designed by Andrew Lindesay.

   * Fill out implementation of NSColorWell class.

   * Fill out implementation of NSColorList class.

   * Cleaned up the header files and added missing headers, methods,
     categories, and protocols; thanks to Simon Frankau for much of this
     work.  Major reorganization of header files.  Types and constants
     were moved in the files they belong.  Each header file includes
     only the headers it really needs.  Use `@class' to forward class
     definitions instead of including the corresponding class file.

   * Completely reworked the NSFont and NSFontManager classes so that
     NSUserDefaults is used for getting defaults and list of known
     fonts are maintained.

   * Initial implementation of NSCursor class.

   * Almost complete implementation of NSButton and NSButtonCell class.
     Buttons can not display images and/or text, handles all of the
     OpenStep button types and styles.

   * Fill out implementation of NSScroller class.

   * Put in underlying support for optimizing drawing; flushing of
     windows, backing store, and only display when needed.

   * Many bug fixes and minor enhancements.

How can I get support for this software?
========================================

   We currently do not have a mailing list setup explicitly for the
GNUstep GUI Library; however, you may wish to use the GNUstep
discussion mailing list for general questions and discussion.  Look at
the GNUstep Web Pages for more information regarding GNUstep resources
`http://www.gnustep.org'

   There are also companies which provide commercial support for the
GNUstep GUI Library, see the file `SUPPORT' for more information.

Where can you get it?  How can you compile it?
==============================================

   The gstep-gui-0.2.0.tar.gz distribution file has been placed on
`ftp.gnustep.org' in `pub/gnustep'.

   The program requires gcc 2.7.0 or higher.

   It requires the Display Ghostscript System version 0.2.0 and the
TIFF Graphics library version 3.4.

   It also requires a FoundationKit library as specified by the OpenStep
specification.  The FoundationKit library known to work is the GNUstep
Base Library version `0.2.12'.

   The `.tar' file is compressed with GNU gzip.  Gzip can be obtained by
anonymous ftp at any of the GNU archive sites.

   For info about FTP via email, send email to <ftpmail@decwrl.dec.com>
with no subject line, and two-line body with line one `help' and line
two `quit'.

   The most recent (not necessarily tested) snapshots of the library
will be placed in
`ftp://alpha.gnu.ai.mit.edu/gnu/gnustep'.

Where do I send bug reports?
============================

   Bug reports can be sent to the GNUstep discussion list
<discussion@gnustep.org> or to NET-Community Technical Support
<support@net-community.com>.

Creators rejoice!
Scott Christley
<scottc@net-community.com>
*****

   Check out the GNUstep web site. (`http://www.gnustep.org')

   The GNUstep GUI Library was donated to the Free Software Foundation
as part of the On-line Community project of NET-Community.
NET-Community is a company that develops and supports free software.
Check out their web site to learn more. (`http://www.net-community.com')

   [ Most GNU software is packed using the GNU `gzip' compression
program.    Source code is available on most sites distributing GNU
software.

   For information on how to order GNU software on tape, floppy or
cd-rom, or   printed GNU manuals, check the file etc/ORDERS in the GNU
Emacs distribution   or in GNUinfo/ORDERS on prep, or e-mail a request
to: <gnu@prep.ai.mit.edu>

   By ordering your GNU software from the FSF, you help us continue to
develop more free software.  Media revenues are our primary source of
support.  Donations to FSF are deductible on US tax returns.

   The above software will soon be at these ftp sites as well.
Please try them before `prep.ai.mit.edu' as `prep' is very busy!

   thanx <gnu@prep.ai.mit.edu>

*ASIA:*
        - `ftp://ftp.cs.titech.ac.jp'

        - `ftp://utsun.s.u-tokyo.ac.jp/ftpsync/prep'

        - `ftp://cair.kaist.ac.kr/pub/gnu'

        - `ftp://ftp.nectec.or.th/pub/mirrors/gnu'

*AUSTRALIA:*
        - `ftp://archie.au/gnu' (archie.oz or archie.oz.au for ACSnet)

*AFRICA:*
        - `ftp://ftp.sun.ac.za/pub/gnu'

*MIDDLE-EAST:*
        - `ftp://ftp.technion.ac.il/pub/unsupported/gnu'

*EUROPE:*
        - `ftp://irisa.irisa.fr/pub/gnu'

        - `ftp://ftp.univ-lyon1.fr/pub/gnu'

        - `ftp://ftp.mcc.ac.uk'

        - `ftp://unix.hensa.ac.uk/pub/uunet/systems/gnu'

        - `ftp://src.doc.ic.ac.uk/gnu'

        - `ftp://ftp.ieunet.ie/pub/gnu'

        - `ftp://ftp.eunet.ch'

        - `ftp://nic.switch.ch/mirror/gnu'

        - `ftp://ftp.informatik.rwth-aachen.de/pub/gnu'

        - `ftp://ftp.informatik.tu-muenchen.de'

        - `ftp://ftp.win.tue.nl/pub/gnu'

        - `ftp://ftp.funet.fi/pub/gnu'

        - `ftp://ftp.denet.dk'

        - `ftp://ftp.stacken.kth.se'

        - `ftp://isy.liu.se'

        - `ftp://ftp.luth.se/pub/unix/gnu'

        - `ftp://ftp.sunet.se/pub/gnu'

        - `ftp://archive.eu.net'

*SOUTH AMERICA:*
        - `ftp://ftp.unicamp.br/pub/gnu'

*WESTERN CANADA:*
        - `ftp://ftp.cs.ubc.ca/mirror2/gnu'

*USA:*
        - `ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/systems/gnu'

        - `ftp://labrea.stanford.edu'

        - `ftp://ftp.digex.net/pub/gnu'

        - `ftp://ftp.kpc.com/pub/mirror/gnu'

        - `ftp://f.ms.uky.edu/pub3/gnu'

        - `ftp://jaguar.utah.edu/gnustuff'

        - `ftp://ftp.hawaii.edu/mirrors/gnu'

        - `ftp://vixen.cso.uiuc.edu/gnu'

        - `ftp://mrcnext.cso.uiuc.edu/pub/gnu'

        - `ftp://ftp.cs.columbia.edu/archives/gnu/prep'

        - `ftp://col.hp.com/mirrors/gnu'

        - `ftp://gatekeeper.dec.com/pub/GNU'

        - `ftp://ftp.uu.net/systems/gnu'

