Installation
************

Introduction
============

This file documents the installation of the GNUstep GUI Library,
`gnustep-gui'. If you are installing this package as part of the
GNUstep core package, read the file GNUstep-HOWTO for more complete
instructions on how to install the entire GNUstep package (including
this library).  GNUstep-HOWTO is located at <http://www.gnustep.org>
and in the gnustep-make package (which you should install first).

   You must have installed gnustep-base and gnustep-make before
building this library. Other external libraries that you should have
installed include libtiff, libjpg, and libpng. Read the GNUstep-HOWTO
for more information.

   After installing this library, install gnustep-back.

Configuration
=============

Configuration is performed by running the `configure' program at a
shell prompt. You may want to use some of the optional arguments to the
`configure' program. Type `configure --help' for a list. GNUstep
specific options are at the end of this list (if any).

Compilation
===========

To compile this library, type make. After this is complete, type make
install (make sure you are the root user). Some additional options you
can use with make are `debug=yes' to make a debugging version of the
library and `shared=no' to make a static version of the library. See
the gstep-make package for more information on these options.

Installing
==========

To install, type

     make install

Post Installation
=================

GNUstep gui comes with a tool called `make_services' which builds a
list of installed applications and services. This list is used to find
services for the services menu, for instance. This tool should be run
after a new service or application is installed in the system.
Theoretically, a workspace application, such as GWorkspace, should do
this automatically.  But this is not done at the current time. You
might consider running this service automatically, perhaps in a login
script, to make sure the service and application lists are updated
regularly.

