Copyright (C) 1996 NET-Community

Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
of this document, but changing it is not allowed.

About NET-Community
*******************

NET-Community was founded in 1995 with the purpose of developing and
supporting free software for the Internet and business community.  We
believe that in the long-term free software will provide individuals
and businesses with the most flexible and open solutions for their
needs; while expensive proprietary solutions will be slowly phased
out.  Companies will choose free software because it offers greater
flexibility, lower maintenance costs, and more responsive changes to
market demands than closed proprietary systems.  With free software,
companies immediately gain the advantage of combined development by
all vendors supporting the software; most proprietary systems are
maintained by a single vendor and as such cannot keep pace with the
changes occuring in the marketplace.

By free software, we are referring to freedom not to its price.
Software freedom implies that users have the right to copy,
distribute, and modify the software for their own needs and that they
cannot deny other these rights.  Software freedom is healthy for the
software industry because it encourages open standards allowing those
consumers to choose vendors based upon their service, support, and
their committment to new software development.  With free software,
consumers are not stuck with a single vendor's proprietary system;
they can easily switch vendors if they are not happy with the service
they are getting.

To better understand how we view the software industry, past, present,
and future; read our white paper, Three Phases of the Software
Industry at http://www.net-community.com/WhitePapers/phases.html.  We
welcome any comments, suggestions, or insights you wish to share.

With NET-Community providing your software support needs, you will
have the service and support to meet your business software needs.
NET-Community has extensive experience with the supported software
because we are directly involved in the design, development,
implementation, and testing of it.  We maintain direct contact with
the authors so that you have access to the most qualified support
personnel.

    NET-Community
    522 SW 5th Avenue, Suite 1105
    Portland, Oregon 97204
    voice: (800) 919-0060 or (503) 274-4423
    fax: (503) 274-5406
    http://www.net-community.com
    mailto:sales@net-community.com
